docs:Add tidb_last_ddl_info system vars usage description in docs. (#10117)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

- Default value: `tikv,tiflash,tidb`
- This variable is used to set the storage engine list that TiDB can use when reading data.

### tidb_last_ddl_info <span class="version-mark">New in v6.0.0</span>

- Scope: SESSION
- Persists to cluster: No
- Default value: ""
- Type: String

> - This is a read only variable, it is used to get the last ddl info within the current session. The DDL informaiton includes:
>     - "query": the last DDL query string.
>     - "seq_num": seq_num is the total order in all DDLs, it's used to identify the order of DDL. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This is a read-only variable. It is internally used in TiDB to get the information of the last DDL operation within the current session.
    - "query": The last DDL query string.
    - "seq_num": The sequence number for each DDL statement. It is used to identify the order of DDL statements. 
```
